All for late parameters, no drift, anomoly model.

Non-Linear Synchronization

    Constructed set of model outputs with randomized initial conditions, same forcing signal.
    --> Ran SM90 model with different forcing signals (solsitce, Huybers integrated, Laskar Astronomical-integrated)
        at a couple different strengths of forcing.
    Circle plots used to determine how forcing signal synchronizes individual cycles in SM90 and SM91 models.


Cycle Statistics -- Predicatability

    Tried to define start/end by looking at model output to determine which variable was leading the others.
    Used the CO2 variable, to have similar trigger as PP04 model, basd on where the derivative was zero.  Can be diificult to filter
    events that fully capture full cycles as there are instances in the output where the amplitude of the CO2 time series has variation
    of size when using integrated forcing.
    --> Wrote sm90_co2_events and sm91_co2_events to be used with ode solver to output times and state variables for where DE was zero.
    Also, took a look at the phase space for both SM90 and SM91 to continue to figure out the right measure for cycles.
    --> SM90 model has more complicated Y-Dot (CO2) nullcline as there is a region during the "cooling" phase
        trajectories get close to but don't cross.  As we increased the forcing, there were some trajectories that entered that region, 
        but did not quickly left the region.
    Measured predictability of warming/cooling via correlations between max/min ice values as well CO2 switch points (that we defined).
    --> Only able to examine SM90 model; did not get to look at SM91 model
    Asymmetry based on warming and cooling times of individual cycles.
    --> There was greater asymmetry in SM90 model, and very little in the SM91 model.
    
    
Forcing Parameter Tuning

    Used measurements from data to estimate a reasonable variance ration between 40kyr and 100kyr timescales.
    Tuned both SM90 and SM91 model towards the estamiated ratio from the data; tuning to u=0.4 for the SM90 model 
    and u=0.599 in SM91 model.
    --> When looking at SM90 model for focing strengths that produced ratios within the desired range, we saw a non-monotonic trend
    at a relatively fine scale compared to the monotonicity in the SM91 model.  This may be due to noise or randomness; 
    might want to take a look at?
    When running for differnt initial conditions, there was not a large effect in variance ratios, 
    including in the range of forcing strengths where the SM90 model had the unusual jump. 
